QUESTION - 1  javascript is a programming language which is used to create interactive web pages. Its
              fundamental role is to enhance web pages by adding interactivity and dynamic behavior.


QUESTION - 2  javascript is an advanced progaramming language which is used to create dynamic and interactive web pages.
            JavaScript includes variables, data types, and control structures like loops and
            conditionals, enabling you to create complex logic and algorithms.

             HTML is a standard markup language used to create the structre of the web page.
             HTML is used to structure the webpage, define headings (<h1>) and paragraphs (<p>), and create a clickable
             text element with the ID "myText."

QUESTION - 3 The number data type represents numeric values. It can include integers, floating-point numbers,
             and special values like NaN (Not-a-Number) and Infinity. For example:
             let number = 21
             let positiveinteger = 33

             The string data type represents sequences of characters enclosed in single (' '), double (" "), or backticks (` `)
             quotes. Strings are used to represent text data. For example:
             let name = "samuel"
             let message = "hello"

             The boolean data type has only two values, true and false, and is used to represent logical values. Booleans are
             commonly used for conditions and comparisons.

             The null data type represents the intentional absence of any object value or a value that has been explicitly set
             to indicate no value. It is often used to initialize variables before assigning meaningful values.

             The undefined data type represents a variable that has been declared but has not been assigned a value. It is
             often the initial value of variables.

QUESTION - 4 variables are used to store the values in the form of data types in javascript, they can be used to manipulate data 
             and calculation and concatenation of the data can be done by using varaibles.
             example of declaring variable : let name = "john";
                                             let age = 31;


QUESTION - 5 comments in javascript are important for code readability , maintability and collaborative for developers
             Comments provide logic and purpose to the code 
             here are the examples of single and multiline comments
             //single line comment//

             /*multiline,
             comments/*

QUESTION - 6 Choosing meaningful and descriptive variable names in JavaScript is crucial for code readability and
maintainability. Here are several reasons why it's important:
1. Descriptive variable names make your code easier to read and understand. Developers
(including yourself) can quickly grasp the purpose of a variable without needing to analyze the code in detail.
2. Well-named variables reduce the chances of introducing bugs when modifying or
extending code. You're less likely to misunderstand the variable's role and make incorrect changes.
3. Descriptive variable names serve as a form of self-documentation. They convey the intent
and context of the variable, reducing the need for additional comments.
4. When working in teams, clear variable names facilitate communication among developers.
Team members can understand each other's code more easily, leading to more efficient collaboration.
5. Meaningful variable names help prevent errors caused by using the wrong variable or
making incorrect assumptions about variable values.

example : let a = 3;
          let b = 4;
          let c = a+b; // c is sum a and b 


             


                                                                 
             

             
            
